# DevOps Malmö Talk Request

By adding account details and/or Personal
information, You give permission to share your
information to the public repository. Including
sharing on social media such as Meetup.com,
Twtter, Linkedin, etc.

> Note! Please don't share any Email addresses.

## Speaker Info

**Your Name:** Sofus Albertsen

**Linkedin (optional):** @sofusalbertsen

**Github (optional):** @sofusalbertsen

## About Talk

**Meetup Group**: DevOps Malmö

**Date**: Tuesday, 01 October 2019

**Topic:** Improve your CI/CD pipeline with the
pipeline game

**Abstract:**<br/> Learn how to design the right
Continuous Delivery pipelines during this online
game session.

We have invited Sofus Albertsen, DevOps consultant
at Eficode, to facilitate a session of the
Pipeline game. It’s a free online and open-source
game to design a pipeline for a given scenario and
optimize the deployment lead time.

We will play in small groups (4-6 people) and
discuss what steps are needed and in which order,
and estimate the overall deployment lead time.
Then we will review the pipelines together and
learn from each other.

You can learn more about the game already here:
https://www.eficode.com/pipeline-game

**Bio:**<br/> Sofus Albertsen is a DevOps Trainer
and Consultant at Eficode in Copenhagen. Before
joining Eficode he was an assistant professor on
an Applied Science Bachelor program. He loves
training and is actively sharing his experience in
Continuous Delivery with the community and
university students.

**Agenda:**<br/>

Start 15:00

15:00-15:10 Welcome

10 min: intro to the game

60 min: playing in groups

15 min: Review and questions

### Meta

How many people will do talk?

- [x] 1 Person (Recommended)
- [ ] 2 Persons
- [ ] 3 or more (Not Recommended)

How long will your talk be?

- [] 40-45 minutes (Recommended)
- [x] 45+ minutes or more (Not Recommended)

Do you need help crafting your talk?

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

Do you need specific adapter to connect to
projector? We provide HDMI and DP.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

Venue to Host Meetup.

- [x] FooCafe
- [ ] Other
